add v21.1.0-rc.2 release note (#10507)
cockroachdb/docs: releases/v21.1.0-rc.2.md

### Downloads

<div id="os-tabs" class="filters clearfix">
    <a href="https://binaries.cockroachdb.com/cockroach-v21.1.0-rc.2.linux-amd64.tgz"><button id="linux" class="filter-button" data-scope="linux" data-eventcategory="linux-binary-release-notes">Linux</button></a>
    <a href="https://binaries.cockroachdb.com/cockroach-v21.1.0-rc.2.darwin-10.9-amd64.tgz"><button id="mac" class="filter-button" data-scope="mac" data-eventcategory="mac-binary-release-notes">Mac</button></a>
    <a href="https://binaries.cockroachdb.com/cockroach-v21.1.0-rc.2.windows-6.2-amd64.zip"><button id="windows" class="filter-button" data-scope="windows" data-eventcategory="windows-binary-release-notes">Windows</button></a>
    <a href="https://binaries.cockroachdb.com/cockroach-v21.1.0-rc.2.src.tgz"><button id="source" class="filter-button" data-scope="source" data-eventcategory="source-release-notes">Source</button></a>
</div>

<section class="filter-content" data-scope="windows">
{% include windows_warning.md %}
</section>

### Docker image

{% include copy-clipboard.html %}
~~~shell
$ docker pull cockroachdb/cockroach-unstable:v21.1.0-rc.2
~~~

### Enterprise edition changes

> - [Changefeeds](../v21.1/change-data-capture.html) more reliably fail when [`IMPORT INTO`](../v21.1/import-into.html) is run against a targeted table. [#64372][#64372]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Changefeeds](../v21.1/change-data-capture.html) now reliably fail when [`IMPORT INTO`](../v21.1/import-into.html) is run against a targeted table, as change data capture is [not supported](../v21.1/known-limitations.html#change-data-capture) for this action. [#64372][#64372]
```

I know the dev wrote "more reliably fail" but in that doc I've linked and [this comment](https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/issues/43784#issuecomment-828816650) it seems that we expect this to always fail, as we've intended.

### Bug fixes

- Fixed a correctness bug, which caused partitioned index scans to omit rows where the value of the first index column was `NULL`. This bug was present since v19.2.0. [#64046][#64046]

> - [`IMPORT`](../v21.1/import.html) and [`RESTORE`](../v21.1/restore.html) jobs that were in progress during a cluster backup will now be canceled when that cluster backup is restored. This fixes a bug where these restored jobs may have assumed to make progress that was not captured in the backup. [#64352][#64352]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`IMPORT`](../v21.1/import.html) and [`RESTORE`](../v21.1/restore.html) jobs that were in progress during a cluster backup will now be canceled when that cluster backup is restored. This fixes a bug where these restored jobs may have recorded prior progress that was not captured in the backup. [#64352][#64352]
```

Big caveat: Not sure if this is accurate as the original PR is a bit hard to read, however, I think this needed a touch more clarity (e.g. who is assuming and when) so please consider this edit *if* you think it's accurate.

> - Fixed a race condition where read-only requests during replica removal (e.g., during range merges or rebalancing) could be evaluated on the removed replica, returning an empty result. [#64370][#64370]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a race condition where read-only requests during replica removal (for example, during range merges or rebalancing) could be evaluated on the removed replica, returning an empty result. [#64370][#64370]
```
